Amy Poehler as Gob's unnamed and frequently forgotten wife, who married Gob as the final in a long line of escalating dares.[68]

Jane Lynch as Cindi Lightballoon, a government mole who tries to gather incriminating information from an incarcerated George Sr. but ends up falling in love with him instead.[69]

Ron Howard as a fictionalized version of himself, a movie producer who offers to adapt the Bluths’ lives into a movie.[70]

Isla Fisher as Rebel Alley, Ron Howard's fictional daughter and love interest of both Michael and George Michael.[71]

Episodes [ edit ]

Main article: List of Arrested Development episodes

|Season| Episodes| Episodes|Originally released|Originally released|Originally released|
|--|--|--|--|--|--|
|Season| Episodes| Episodes|First released| Last released| Network|
|1|22|22| November 2, 2003| June 6, 2004|Fox|
|2|18|18| November7, 2004| April17, 2005|Fox|
|3|13|13| September 19, 2005| February 10, 2006|Fox|
|4|37[a]|15| May 26, 2013| May 26, 2013|Netflix|
|4|37[a]|22| May 4, 2018| May 4, 2018|Netflix|
|5|16|8| May 29, 2018| May 29, 2018|Netflix|
|5|16|8| March 15, 2019| March 15, 2019|Netflix|


# Season 1 (2003–04) [ edit ]

Main article: Arrested Development season 1

George Bluth Sr., patriarch of the wealthy Bluth family, is the founder and former CEO of the successful Bluth Company which markets and builds mini-mansions among many other activities. His son Michael serves as manager of the company, and, after being passed over for a promotion, decides to leave both the company and his family. Just as he makes this decision, however, George Sr. is arrested by the Securities and Exchange Commission for defrauding investors and gross spending of the company's money for "personal expenses". His wife Lucille becomes CEO, and immediately names as the new president her extremely sheltered youngest son Buster, who proves ill-equipped, as his only experience with business is a class he took concerning 18th century agrarian business. Furious at being passed over again, Michael secures another job with a rival company and plans on leaving his family behind for good. Realizing that they need Michael, the family asks him to come back and run the company, which Michael scoffs at until he sees how much the family means to his teenaged son George Michael. To keep the family together, Michael asks his self-centered twin sister Lindsay, her husband Tobias and their daughter Maeby to live together in the Bluth model home with him and George Michael.[72]

